RFC Proposal: Make anchors unique (#65)
yaml/yaml-spec: rfc/RFC-anchors-unique.md

RFC-000
=======

Make anchors unique

| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Target | 1.5 |
| Status | 0 |
| Requires | |
| Related | [RFC-anchors-word-dash](RFC-anchors-word-dash.md), [RFC-external-aliases](RFC-external-aliases.md), [RFC-import-directive](RFC-import-directive.md) |
| Discuss | [Issue 0](../../issues/0) |
| Tags | [foo]() [bar]() |

## Problem

Requiring anchors to be defined before the alias node that refers to them creates restrictions on how nodes may be arranged within a document.
These restrictions are surprising to users, as is the overriding behaviour of reused anchor names.

## Proposal

It is an error for an anchor to use a name that is already defined.

It is not an error for an alias to use an anchor name defined later in the same document.

## Explanation

Effectively, this RFC makes a document have a single namespace for anchor names, and forbids the same anchor name from being reused.

> On input, the will require that alias values are resolved after the whole document has been processed, but this is already effectively required by circular references:

Reviewer: `the will require` -> `this will require`?

> after the whole document has been processed

Not necessarily the whole. I can resolve a circular alias as soon as the node with the anchor has been constructed.

Author: ```suggestion
On input, this will require that alias values are resolved after the whole document has been processed, but this may already be effectively required by circular references to a root node:
```

Better with the clarification?

Reviewer: Ah, I understand now, thanks
